DOCS-1782: Module card updates on registry/configure R2D2 (#2557)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/registry/configure.md

1. Enter a **Name** for this instance of your modular resource.
1. Enter the [module's executable path](/registry/create/#compile-or-package-your-module).
   This path must be the absolute path to the executable on your machine's filesystem.

> 1. Then, click the **Add module** button, and press **Command+S** to save your config..

Author: ```suggestion
1. Then, click the **Add module** button, and click **Save** in the upper right corner to save your config.
```

## Next steps

> Now that you've configured a modular resource, test it with the [**CONTROL** tab](/fleet/#remote-control) and program it with the [Viam SDKs](/build/program/apis/).

Author: ```suggestion
Now that you've configured a modular resource, test it with the [**CONTROL** tab](/fleet/machines/#control) and program it with the [Viam SDKs](/build/program/apis/).
```
